Feat/3411 link to cloud limits (#3795)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/write-data/troubleshoot.md

## Review HTTP status codes

InfluxDB uses conventional HTTP status codes to indicate the success or failure of a request.

{{% warn %}}
#### Asynchronous writes

> `204` doesn't indicate a successful write operation given writes are asynchronous. If some of your data did not write to the bucket, see how to [check for rejected points](#review-rejected-points).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`204` indicates InfluxDB validated the request data format. Because data is written to InfluxDB asynchronously, data may not yet be written to a bucket. If some of your data did not write to the bucket, see how to [check for rejected points](#review-rejected-points).
```

Reviewer: Curious (maybe a question for engineering), is there a way that we could be more explicit? Something along the lines of exactly how often data is written to a bucket and/or when folks should check for unwritten data?
